Abbreviation: derived from the names of the original bytes or from the initial sounds of the words
Completion: subject of the text for imperfectly prepared by the readers
The acrobate: of this (from the name of the first two bays of the old Alfavit az and boyk) is the same as alfavit.
Paradigm: of coercion of the form of conformance of one and the same word.
Transmission: of the presentation of the oral punctuation or writing of the text by means of other languages.
Write: additional to the sound of the community communication with the help of the system of grammar characters.
Leader: is a person possessing many languages.
The binarial: principle of the proving of linguistic phenomena, which is caused by aggression, which in most cases will be counteracted by two.
The explosion: of the reconnaissance under pressure from the spray of the wave of the full range, caused by the disconnection of the active and relative tactical circuits.
The release: of the second phase of the sound ap- tiration, when the transcripts are set, is given for this approval.
The heart: of the forehead is the basis for the operation or the structure as a process.
The voice: of the sound, which is in the city by the wheels of the nearest friends to the friends of the heavy loads of the mouths of the expiration of the exit.
The graph: of the field of linguistics, which is set on the charts, used in writing, and the sound values ??of bikes.
Say: the language of a controlling, using language to communicate with other members of the language collective.
Zhongon: is what happened, but with a reduction of the deed.
The word: and expression slang are displaced by persons affected by the problem or the social sector.
Employee: reserve of the words as the basis of the objects, phenomena and understandings that the humans own.
The validity: of the word or expression, which precedes the transmission of the words of the foreign language or the dispatch of the word, with the following text of the preceding text.
Calligraphy: of the text is written in clear and beautiful script.
The uncomplicated: expressions of the word expressions, in the language of the individual literary or historical source.
The pitch: is a consistent sound, capable of playing as a sigil.
LEXICA: is a contraction of words associated with the field of their use.
The metaphor: of the dispensation of the word in a transference at the heart of the sequence in any relation of two things or phenomena.
The word for which: the prohibition is inhibited or is affected by the effects of external linguistic factors.
The hemologism: of the void or spine, created for the purpose of the new subject or expression of the new concept.
The phonetics: of the tongue-lagoon, studying the mode of formation and the harmonic quality of human sound.
The object: of the object, which is in some kind of relationship with the operations.
The function: of the purpose (use, use) of the different linguistic aspects and of its elements.
The citation: is the exact manual extract from any one of the data or an extract.
Epithet: of artificial dispute, type of trap.
The language of the users: of the use of expressive workers of different movements in the quality of the social network.